SlugStocks, Nov 29th 2022

Sprint 1

As a Platform user, I want an account I can log into so that I can see my personal performance on the app

Scenario:
    1 Start SlugStocks App and Navagate to home
    2 After Being Redirected to Login Click "Create a New account"
    3 type: 
    • username = <Test1>
    • email = <Test1@gmail.com>
    • password = <123>
    • password confirmation = <123>
    • press Enter Key

    4 Should Be Redirected to Login Page
    type:
    email : <Test1@gmail.com>
    password: <123>
    press Enter Key

    Redirected to Profile Page Saying:
    Test1's Profile Page

Sprint 2
Implemented User Stories

As a User I need to be able to add funds/connect account so that stocks can be traded
As a User I want to be able to buy and sell stocks so that the platform has a use.
As a user I want a portfolio with statistics on how my investments are going so that users can track their success 

Scenario:
    1 Create Account As Described in Sprint 1's Scenario and Login
    2 On the Profile Page Click "Connect Account" which will redirect you to TDAmeritrade.com where you
        can login and authorize SlugStocks to have access to trade and get trading history from your account
    3 After Accepting you will be brought back to your profile page where now inplace of the "Connect Account" button
        new text should say "Account Connected"
    4 Then Navagate to the market page and serach "aprn", press enter. You can then click the "Buy" button on the page which will 
        bring up a popup showing how much money you have left to invest, how much it currently costs,
        and a box asking for the quantity you wish to buy, input 1 and click buy
    5 If during market hours the order should go through, if not during market hours wait until market hours (9:30-4 est)
    6 Once the orders go through, Navagate to the positions page where the stock you bought, its total value,
        its price changes, and quantity should show up.
    7 Click Sell on the stock, a popup will show up, and select 1 as the quantity and click sell
    8 if not during market hours wait, if during market hours wait for the order to go through. Once the order is through refresh the page
        and your stock should no longer be listed in positions.

Sprint 3

As a user I want to be able to have friends and connect with friends on the platform
As a user I want to see articles/news on the stocks I’m trading so that I can stay in the know about the most important news 
    surrounding my investments
As a user I want a graph on how my investments are going so that I can track my success 

1 Create Account with the username LeetCoder and another Account Named StockMaster
2 Login to StockMaster and navagate using to top navigation bar to Friends. Type in LeetCoder and Press enter. You should see LeetCoder in 
    Pending Requests
3 Logout and login to LeetCoder and Navagate to Friends and there should be an friend request under "added me" Press Accept.
4 StockMaster should show up under Friends with the current date.
5. Logout and the login to LeetCoder and navagate to friends to see StockMaster under friends with the same date.
6. Click x on the bottom right of the Friends StockMaster Card. They should then be removed as a friend and no longer show up.
7 Navagate to market and serach TSLA and press enter.
8 Listed News with links should appear under the price of the stock.
9 Connect account as Described in above Scenario and navagate to home page where a graph should show investments overtime
    
Sprint 4

As a Platform user, I want to be able to create a list of my favorite stocks 

Scenario:
    1. Start SlugStocks App and Navagate to Favorites (Make Sure User Already Has Account)
    2. Once On Favorites Tab:
        a. Enter Valid Stock into Space Provided
        b. Click "Add"
            i. If Stock Does Not Exist or Stock Already in List, Returns Page without Modification
            ii. If Stock Exists and is not in List, Returns Page with Updated Stock List

User Stories 2

As a user I want to see my investments over different time ranges so that I can see my success over time
As a less experienced user I want to be able to set my own personal rules to trading stocks (selling/buying 
    when heading above or below a threshold) so that I can be more successful on the trading platform
As a user I want to be able to see and manage my active orders so that I can be in control of my investments
As a user I want to see relevant news on the stocks I own

Scenario:
    1. Create, Login, and connect account as Described in above Scenarios
    2. Navagate to the home page where a graph of your investments total value over time should be shown. 
    3. Click though the range options (1 day, 1 week, 1 month, etc) and see the graph time frame shift 
        and change to the chosen option.
    4. Navagate to the market page, search bynd, press enter. The stock, its price and a buy button should show up, click it
    5. A popup should show up, set the quantity to 1 and click buy
    6. Navagate to the positions page where your order should show up under orders. Wait for order to be filled
    7. Once it goes thourgh refresh the page and it should show up under positions. News on BYND Should show up below
        Click the AutoSell Button next to bynd
    8. Set the Minimum to be higher than the current price and set the Maximum to anything, set the quantity to 1 and click "set"
    9. Wait 30 seconds and refresh the page, a Sell order for bynd should show up under orders.
    10. Click the X next to the order and click the "cancel" button in the bottom right and the order should be canceled and removed


